bloaters/long-method/README.md, before:

## Code Smell: Long Method

### Problem

A long method code smell occurs when a method is excessively long, typically more tha . This can lead to several issues:

- **Reduced Readability:** Long methods are hard to read and understand. As the method grows, it becomes increasingly difficult for developers to grasp its logic and flow.
- **Maintenance Difficulties:** Long methods are harder to maintain. When a method contains many lines of code, it is more prone to bugs and errors. Changes to one part of the method can inadvertently affect other parts.
- **Testing Challenges:** Testing long methods is more complex. It is difficult to write unit tests that cover all the different branches and scenarios within a long method.
- **Violation of the Single Responsibility Principle:** Long methods often violate the single responsibility principle, which states that a method should have only one reason to change. When a method tries to handle multiple tasks, changes related to one task can impact other unrelated tasks.
- **Duplication of Code:** Long methods often contain duplicated code, which leads to redundancy and increases the potential for inconsistencies and errors.
- **Difficulty in Reuse:** Long methods are less reusable because they contain too much specific logic. Breaking them into smaller, more focused methods can make the code more modular and easier to reuse.

### Refactoring

Addressing the long method code smell typically involves refactoring the method into smaller, more focused methods. This improves readability, maintainability, testability, and adherence to the single responsibility principle.

### Executing the Examples

To execute the examples, run the following commands from the root of the project directory:

#### Running the Bad Code Example

```
$ open bloaters/long-method/bad/index-bad.html
```

#### Expected Output

The HTML file should render a basic todo list, with a text entry box for adding new items to the list. Each item is rendered with its name, as well as "Complete" and "Delete" buttons beside it.

#### Running the Good Code Example

```
$ open bloaters/long-method/good/index-good.html
```

#### Expected Output

The HTML file should render the same basic todo list as the bad example, with a text entry box for adding new items to the list. Each item is rendered with its name, as well as "Complete" and "Delete" buttons beside it.

---

### References

[3] Refactoring Guru, "Long Method" https://refactoring.guru/smells/long-method. Accessed: May 20, 2024.

---

Commit message:

updated documentation and added examples for duplicated code

bloaters/long-method/README.md, after:

## Code Smell: Long Method

### Problem

A long method code smell occurs when a method is excessively long, typically more than 10 lines long.

An example of the long method code smell can be found [here](bad/todo-bad.js).

### Refactoring

Addressing the long method code smell typically involves refactoring the method into smaller, more focused methods. This improves readability, maintainability, testability, and adherence to the single responsibility principle.

The refactored example is shown [here](good/todo-good.js).

### Executing the Examples

To execute the examples, run the following commands from the root of the project directory:

#### Running the Bad Code Example

```
$ open bloaters/long-method/bad/index-bad.html
```

#### Expected Output

The HTML file should render a basic todo list, with a text entry box for adding new items to the list. Each item is rendered with its name, as well as "Complete" and "Delete" buttons beside it.

#### Running the Good Code Example

```
$ open bloaters/long-method/good/index-good.html
```

#### Expected Output

The HTML file should render the same basic todo list as the bad example, with a text entry box for adding new items to the list. Each item is rendered with its name, as well as "Complete" and "Delete" buttons beside it.

---

### References

[3] Refactoring Guru, "Long Method" https://refactoring.guru/smells/long-method. Accessed: May 20, 2024.

---
